Fix general settings no longer having a protocol (#11163)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/system-settings/general-settings/README.md

1. **Application title**: This title will be displayed on the [application start page](../../../user-guide/start-page).

2. **Object per page options** define the options of how many objects  (for example work packages or news entries) you can have displayed on one page. This is used for the pagination in the work package list. You can enter several values, separated by coma. Please note that the higher value you set, the more work packages will be initially loaded and therefore it might take longer time to load a work package page.

3. **Days displayed on project activity** determines how far back the project activities will be traced and displayed in the project's [Activity](../../../user-guide/activity).

> 4. **Host name**. The host name of the application. In many installation types (docker, packaged, cloud), this setting will be configuration through an environment variable and is not user-editable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Host name** defines the host name of the application. In many installation types (docker, packaged, cloud), this setting will be configured through an environment variable and is not user-editable.
```
